Image Rendering: Add settings for default width, height and scale (#82040)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

Concurrent render request limit affects when the /render HTTP endpoint is used. Rendering many images at the same time can overload the server,
which this setting can help protect against by only allowing a certain number of concurrent requests. Default is `30`.

> ### default_image_width

Reviewer: @chri2547 Could you take a look before we merge, please?

Reviewer 2: @AgnesToulet , on it! Thank you.

> To configure the width of the rendered image. The default width is 1000.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configures the width of the rendered image. The default width is `1000`.
```

### default_image_height

> To configure the height of the rendered image. The default height is 500.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configures the height of the rendered image. The default height is `500`.
```

> ### default_image_width
> 
> To configure the width of the rendered image. Default Width is 1000
> 
> ### default_image_height
> 
> To configure the height of the rendered image. Default Height is 500
> 
> ### default_image_scale
> 
> To configure the scale of the rendered image. Default Scale is 1
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### default_image_width

To configure the width of the rendered image. The default width is 1000.

### default_image_height

To configure the height of the rendered image. The default height is 500.

### default_image_scale

To configure the scale of the rendered image. The default scale is 1.

```

> To configure the scale of the rendered image. The default scale is 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configures the scale of the rendered image. The default scale is `1`.
```
